if you were asked to appear before
Congress under oath would you willingly
do that the only way I'll testify
actually the reality is in a in a
classified setting dood you can come
after me what happened to Dave grush
physically harassed at his home and in
his Vehicles after he filed his
whistleblower complaint it was before he
ever testified all I have was the step
that I accumulated and gathered going up
through the assap in AIP and that's how
I met Dave Rush Jay Stratton introduced
me to Dave he was the nro liais an
officer to the uaf so anyway I met both
of them and I gave Dave all my data all
my briefing information and he took that
ran with it and he found everything
George Bush when he was the CIA director
he was given some pretty spectacular
information about a major UAP event took
place in early 60s and Bush's eyes lit
up and this is what he's told me he said
what are you talking about the Pentagon
liaison officer told him all about it he
said are you kidding me there there's a
there there yeah and he said said
absolutely and he said well I want to
see the evidence and the evidence was in
the form of
documentation but the film was the
primary
thing we are thrilled to announce this
special episode of American Alchemy
featuring a groundbreaking interview
with the legendary Eric Davis Eric is a
renowned scientist how put offs Protege
and probably more of an expert in UFO
propulsion an exotic physics principles
than just about anybody on Earth he's
written a fantastic book called The
frontiers of propulsion science which is
as comprehensive of an overview as you
could possibly get when it comes to
Exotic propulsion and anomalies in
topological physics he's also written
all sorts of great research papers on
subjects ranging from UAP tracking to
quantum teleportation this conversation
wouldn't have been possible without my
technical correspondent pseudonymously
named Jack or missileman on Twitter Jack
has over 15 years of experience in
defense in Aerospace and holds a very
strong background in mathematics
materials R&D and physics for now he's
chosen to remain pseudonymous due to his
work in sensitive areas of National
Security Jack and I are going to be
starting a technical series together on
UFO physics it's going to be an
extremely deep dive on how UFOs fly the
Exotic principles they employ and
materials they use but this interview
also involves some incredible
journalists in the world of UFOs this
interview would not have been possible
without them first off thank you to THV
the incredible host of catastrophic
disclosure I also want to thank his
partner on the channel Katarina who is a
biomedical PhD she's brilliant and she's
the editor and videographer on the
channel we're also super grateful to
James Faulk host of neon Galactic a PBS
Affiliated podcast and YouTube channel
which goes into UAP Consciousness it's
incredibly deep and worth checking out
Rob Jones was also involved here he's a
nuclear engineer and Navy sailor go
follow him on Twitter for some
incredible insights finally I want to
give a special shout out and thank you
to UAP gerb he is honestly the deepest
researcher I've met in the last year
when it comes to uaps he runs an
incredible Channel called UAP gerb he's
deeper than just about anybody I know on
nuts and bolts UFO research we're going
to drop an interview very soon and
hopefully all of you get to see how
ridiculous impressive his knowledge is
so if you're going to watch this
interview please subscribe to all of
these channels they're going to come out
with variations of this interview with
commentary and other remixes and maybe
even some footage that we don't include
here on their own respective channels
they're doing incredibly important work
consider subscriptions on those channels
the passcode for watching this interview
we need more people covering this topic
the point is there's strength and
numbers we're all on the same team and
we need as many high credibility high
quality people cing this as possible
without further Ado please enjoy this
special episode of American Alchemy with
our amazing technical correspondent Jack
and the prince of exotic propulsion
himself Eric W Davis the big little
arrow Faith guys the off toop guys the
AIP guys yall have been at the Forefront
of really starting the public discourse
on all of this stuff and Dr Jim ly he
mentioned if he were asked to testify
before Congress that he would actually
lie before Congress instead of you know
speaking against his ndas and honor to
honor his ndas and the things he's you
know want to protect and so I know
that's a bit controversial because at
this point L alzando has testified uh we
interviewed him last week and and they
did so under oath yes so Jim didn't say
what happens if he takes the oath of if
he takes an oath because if he takes an
oath lying to Congress in a testimony is
perjury and he can go to jail for that
and you saw what happened the NDA
actually the NDA will prevent him from
uh giving testimony but he chooses to
yeah but however if they issue him a
subpoena to appear before Congress then
he's going to have to work with the dod
staff to figure out how to how he's
going to do it now here's how Dave grush
did it Dave grush was able to give was
approved by the Department of Defense I
don't remember what the acronym means
anymore it's
tpsr so doser approved his public
testimony and approved what he could say
publicly the rest of what he couldn't
say publicly he said in a classified
hearing so we had a classified hearing
on his whistleblower complaint Jim would
have to do the same thing and Jim should
know that and I worked with him on the
assap so I know him so he he I don't
know why he would said have to lie
before Congress he knows if you're going
to take an oath before the committee uh
lying is perjury and you're in trouble
and the NDA issue can be worked out with
the doser however there are times when
they don't administer an oath but you
don't want to lie because that'll be a
public reputation damage on you right if
even though you didn't take an oath but
you lied before Congress you to you lied
I know for you it's kind of a weird
state right now because your alleged
memo has been entered into Congressional
Record and so my question is simply this
if you were asked to appear before
Congress under oath would you willingly
do that would you testify I would Happ
to get advice from a lawyer
first very smart answer I'd have to get
an advice from a lawyer who has a
background on that particular issue
because DOD can come after me and the IC
could come after me they could prevent
me from getting a job again by by making
sure that I don't get my security
clearances p and what happened to Dave
grush after he filed his whistleblower
complaint it was before he ever
testified right what happened to Dave
grash is he got harassed and intimidated
both him and his wife he got harassed by
uh by someone in the National
reconnaissance office and then he uh got
physically harassed at his home and in
his Vehicles by people unknown and then
somebody leaked a PTSD episode he had
because remember he's a war veteran yeah
and he was in the combat field and he
suffered PTSD and was going through a
crisis with his wife and somebody
decides they're going to illegally go
into his private medical files violate
the Hippa law and release that to the
news media so that they can uh so that
they can attack his character and there
are a lot more lawyers at this point on
your side on you know the UAP disclosure
fund and a number of other organizations
have spun up to offer pro bono legal
support to whistleblowers and people
being harassed do do do you feel any
better than do you feel like it's safer
now than it was when Dave came out
possibly I think so I just have to a
lawyer tell me look at the situation
look at the circumstances under which
Admiral Wilson um gave me information
and then and then find out if that's
something I should do at the level of
congressional what's ironic hang on I
briefed the Senate select committee int
of intelligence staff and the Senate
armed services committee staff in
classified settings what happened is I
briefed the first group in 2019 then
later now we're in 2022 and another
group comes out to Huntsville instead of
me going to D they're coming out to see
me in Huntsville yeah and I'm briefing
them so it's a new group of people and
after one phone call with uh
representative Mike Gallagher Republican
representative W of the of his district
in Wyoming so I had a short phone call
with him maybe about 2025 minutes and
then I had an interview uh just last
month with the two senior staff on the
subcommittee that just recently held the
house hearings yeah that Lou alzando
so they asked me a lot of questions they
they were short on time so we had a half
hour conversation and there really
should have been a followup interview
because there were more open questions
left to be answered that they didn't
have time they never followed up and I
never got an invite to uh to testify
okay so there but I have made it known
that the only way I'll testify actually
the reality is in a in a classified
setting well yeah I would imagine
there's not much slam dunk testimony
that can be given in the unclassified
Vic right
I'll tell you this Dave did did give the
classified testimony and he gave them
everything he gave them the names and
locations and programs and people all I
had was the stuff that I accumulated and
gathered going up through the ASAP and
ative and what happened during the UAP
ETF was uh what J Stratton was doing
then so I had left that area and then I
had a little bit of stuff going on when
I worked for the AOS space Corporation
and that's how I met Dave brush right
Jay Stratton introduced me to Dave and
his government customer who I won't name
he was a gs-15 at the time and Dave
worked for him and um he got promoted
later um uh to scs1 this Anonymous
individual this is the one that Dave
worked with at the interal sure and so I
breath them so they basically invited me
through the Aerospace Corporation
apparatus because Aerospace is the ffrdc
that supports nro and so they have a
contract and they uh flew me out to
where they were located in Colorado
Springs and I gave them both briefing
not just them uh this included the
Aerospace Personnel that were supporting
the nro office nro was a tenant
organization in the Aerospace campus
there so we have one building now it's
two and in that one building they have
skips build in entire floors and then
office suite that are built inside of
Skips that that enclose the office suits
so this program that Dave and his
government customer worked at was one of
those uh office suites in a skip so he's
got a lot of so that gs15 has a lot of
has has a number of Aerospace employees
supporting his program okay and Dave was
doing some aspect of that on the
security side as one of Jay stratton's
uh contributors to the U APF because he
was the nro liazon officer to the APF so
anyway I met both of them and I gave
Dave all my data all my briefing
information and he took that ran with it
and he found everything and then later
on I think maybe a year or two later
yeah actually almost two years later
somewhere in that period they finally
got to be meet with Hal put off and and
he briefed them with his set of
information a lot of what he has
overlaps mind but I have a lot of unique
information both in and outside of the
era of the 15 years that I worked with
how a lot of it came from nids and how
knew some of that a lot of came from
afrl and then a lot of it came uh
through the assap with my interactions
with uh the CIA and other agencies and
companies and so forth so Dave yeah Dave
basically ran with our data mine and
house and uh found everything found 40
Witnesses um I I'm not going to say who
they are but I could say that uh I know
two of them can you say how many of them
are in this building I'll say I know
that at least one that one only one of
them is in the building and the guy who
didn't come to the conference because he
had a a travel Conflict for a pre
pre-arranged I think family trip or
something uh if he were here he'd be the
second one and all the rest of them are
not here in the building that and um
there's more to it than that but I can't
discuss it because then that I would
identify who the two witness understand
so yesterday you made some pretty
remarkable statements on kind of finding
evidence of Legacy programs while
working at ASAP and you mentioned that
um under Eisenhower pads is a
presidential uh emergency action
documents were kind of used to create
wave special access programs free from
congressional oversight I wanted to see
um during your time investigating Legacy
programs did you encounter other um kind
of unique classification standards like
no for no foreign National excluded
program material for these programs kind
of dealing witha yeah those are not new
or unusual um there's known SCI
compartments SCI being sensitive
compartmentalized information but
there's hidden seci compartments and
that's what a lot of the American public
ises not aware of that's not talked
about a lot and then there's the special
access programs and you've got four
types you got regular saps just special
aess program you have a wave special
assess program you'll have an un
acknowledged one in you all have waved
un acknowledged one and actually I'm not
sure that the two in the middle are
separate really I think more likely it's
waved and un acknowledged at the same
time so that might be just a third
category uh or or even just a second
category so Dave and I had a lot of
discussions I I went through when I was
at Erol space I went through special
Access program security training so I
could uh qualify
to uh be it's not that I wanted to
qualify to be a security officer I just
wanted to qualify to to indicate to the
company and the government customers
that I've gone through that level of
training comparable to what security
officers for special access programs
have and so that would help my
eligibility to get access more than
anything and that didn't happen I didn't
get it but I uh I did get I did do the
training so Dave and I talked about that
as a consequence and I said Dave it
seemed like these hidden
seis are no different than saps and and
so that's when he said yeah really uh
they've been having that argument among
the security uh Personnel Security
Experts throughout the IC and the dod
they've been having an argument for some
significant period of time over really
there's a whether there is a real
distinction between a hidden seci and an
sap most of the people like Dave and I
actually came to the conclusion that
saps are just the same thing as a hidden
seci I think something a lot of people
don't ask that has kind of captured my
attention during your time investigating
Legacy programs did you see much
collaboration or compartmental ization
between programs that may exist in Navy
Air Force Army to it's too Stow piped or
compartmentalized you can't open it up
to another one unless there is a need to
do that that need to get access is
defined on a government forr called the
dd254 and the
dd254 documents who has access and why
and what gets access and if you're going
to have to get access to another
compartment wise program then that has
to be justified in the dd254 and usually
that's not justified because programs
are not don't really overlap there
however I think it was Bill Sweetman
back in the 1980s who did a deep dive in
this after Reagan became president and
uh he did say he did he did correctly
say that the compartmentalization of
seis but mostly saps was really horrible
because you end up duplicating programs
doing the same thing so we're now
spending taxpayers dollars at twice the
magnitude doing the same thing between
two programs and they can't communicate
that to yeah they can't collaborate they
can't come to it to an understanding of
say hey oh yeah you exist oh and you
exist but and what you're working on is
what we're working on but we're spending
all the government's money this way why
don't we join forces and maybe cut the
budget but that isn't what happens you
can't do that you actually sent me the
article to Liberation times piece that
Chris sharp wrote he was kind of
describing for I think the first time
some of the the the intimate details of
the of the ecosystem of the pro of the
program anonomous and that was where I I
heard for the first time that doe and
then uh what was it called office of
weap or CIA weapons counter
proliferation that's the modern name of
winpack the weapons intelligence uh
nuclear proliferation and Arm Control I
actually got hired by the CIA to be the
branch chief science K scientist of
winpack back in late 2003 wow yeah so
and so they talked about how doe that
group and a bunch of combatant commands
all do their own thing to some extent
and there's really not an executive head
you know adjudicating uh conflicts or or
re you know duplicate work like you're
saying you could have Navy programs and
Air Force programs doing the same thing
keep in mind that that c that uh we call
the counter proliferation program right
and winpack are actually multi- agency
they're not just the CIA they're CIA NSA
nro because when I got hired the hiring
manager that was going to be my boss he
briefed me on what my job duties were
going to be what organizations were
involved and that I was going to
interface with all these organizations
and he wrote down two Hong list on a
couple of well two two lists on a couple
columns they weren't that long but they
were all the agencies that were um fused
together to run wi the winpack operation
so winpack will seek resources and
Personnel from that agency that agency
this agency and that agency do
accomplish different things I think one
winpack member recently mentioned kind
of as a gatekeeper of Legacy programs
was Glen Gaffney if you guys remember
that from various reporting I think
Chris sharp touched on it as well did
you ever interact with Glen Gaffney I
didn't have direct interaction with them
but the Aerospace def uh defense firm
that we were working we were trying to
work with during the
assap had Direct interaction with him as
well as he uh he was a senior VP and his
exe and the executive VP of the
corporation had they had to have a
conversation with Glenn Gaffney yeah and
he was very antagonistic about that
company releasing to us under the DIA to
nids huh to nids right to us no to um to
Bigos space Advanced space studies and
earthtech right to release to us their
collection of Crash retrieval materials
that they've had since before got shut
down in ' 89 so he stepped right in the
middle of it first he was surprised that
that
company uh still retained materials that
when they were supposed to give it up
and return it back in ' 89 no kidding
and then he uh then he said his answer
to that whole question about giving aor
giving permission for them to share it
with us under that classified setting
because that was sap level we were
tssci we were trying to get sap and
Harry Reid was trying to get deputy
secretary defense William Lynn to give
us an sap and William Lyn denied his
request and the reason why he denied it
is because Harry Reid was using
political muscle and you can't do that
it has to go through the security
channels and the program management to
create a justification and a need right
to give a program that's already tssci a
sap level okay add-on sap politics yeah
so he's looking at I I I can understand
what William ly is looking at the
majority leader of the Senate is telling
him I want you to you know I a very nice
letter the Letter's been posted on the
internet so very nice letter saying well
we have reason that we need to do this
etc etc and Lyn didn't buy it because
that was an official channel for how you
create a sap a program that's already
tssi and elevated up to a sap there's a
whole process procedure bureaucracy and
red tape that you have to go through and
Harry was using political muscle to
bypass all that and and the executive
branch is taught where trained not to do
that Capitol Hill is not their
Taskmaster the Taskmaster is the
president of the United States the
commander-in-chief the head of the
executive branch now uh who was the
president of that it was Bush so George
W bush if Harry Reid had written the
letter to Bush or actually met him face
to face which would have been far more
effective I don't know how possible it
would have been but it would have been
had a much higher chance that bush would
call down to William Lynn or he would
have maybe his National Security advisor
Steven Hadley call the Secretary of
defense's office actually and maybe the
under secretary of defense for
intelligence and security and say uh
okay there's this program I wanted to
get a sap sure and if the president says
it's it I want a sap they're going to
have to sap it and Lando's book he
specifically mentions how you know they
went
to locky M to
see if they could you know get inside
this program and have some of this
material and they were pretty much you
know blocked out by the program manager
and of course the red tape Glen Gaffney
was the director of the uh I'm yeah he
was a director I think his title was
deputy director of the CIA um over the
directorate of Science and
Technology and that's where the UFO or
the UAP portfolio was
held so he's the portfolio owner at the
time he was there though I guess maybe
his title deputy director of Science and
Technology it it it depends on how they
organize it those days but anyway that's
what he but he he run ran that director
so he just stepped in the middle and
just said absolutely not we're not going
to do that I wonder uh HW former
director of CIA do you think it stands
the reason that HW might have known more
than many other modern Presidents by
virtue of I had conversations with him
back in 2003
and
um what he learned he was not briefed as
a president on this subject he was
briefed as an incoming CIA director not
surprised and that's all he had on it
when he became president he didn't hear
about it anymore when he was um when he
was the CIA director he was given some
pretty spectacular information and um
and he insisted that he he wanted to see
that this is DoD information what's
funny is that this that his agency
was the portfolio owner for for uaps so
he even he wasn't told who in his in the
CIA was running it for him to get
briefed by for him to call on his phone
and say I need you to breef me he didn't
wasn't told instead it was the um
Pentagon liaison
officer who had no intention on briefing
him about UFOs or uaps and instead he
assumed that bush had already been
briefed by his CIA Personnel or his his
uh leadership sure Who oversee that
portfolio and he accidentally assumed
that he started rattling off about a
major U UAP event um that was took place
in early 60s and Bush's eyes lit up and
this is what he's told me he said what
are you talking about so the the uh
Pentagon liaison officer told him all
about it he said are you kidding me
there's there's a there there yeah and
he said absolutely and he said well I
want to see the evidence and the
evidence was in the form of of a of a
film um and some
documentation reports or something but
the film was the primary thing and he
was declined the liazon officer said no
you don't have a need to know because
this is DoD intelligence and we're not
going to get it give it to you only if
there's an event that happens that
requires you to take that information up
to the president and the National
Security actually go to National
Security advisor he's the Clearing House
for all things UAP so you go to the
National the president's National
Security advisor and you say my agency
just had a major event that we collected
Intelligence on and it's going to
require a presidential um decision and
the National Security advisor is going
to have to say okay here's a number at
your agency who you're going to call to
get a full briefing on the whole UFO
thing and meanwhile I will schedule a
meeting in the Oval Office with the
president for that's how that works and
I think the P do doents could possibly
emerge from that if it's a if it's a
historical thing no uh that P that
historical event might already be
covered by a peed and that's probably
why that guy that briefing officer the
liaison officer from the Pentagon acally
slipped up by wrongly assuming that Bush
was already briefed the fact is is yes
you can brief the peed within the
executive branch but he assumed that
bush had been and he hadn't been so my
guess is is that since that was not a
new event it was an old historical event
um that there' be no need to brief Bush
on the PE that was involved so he would
never know he would just hear about the
evidence that that recorded that event
happening and it happened at a military
base and um and so there you go and
speaking of those Peds yesterday you
also made some super interesting
comments on kind of private contracts
specifically I think you said Source
contracts all Source instead of putting
out a project up for for a contract bid
an RFB yeah you have to have to issue
either a broader announcement which is
how bigel Aerospace applied to submit a
bid for the assap contract so it's
either a request for proposals or a
broad are announcement and if you do
that then you're going to severely
compromise the security of an sap so
they don't do that you don't you don't
invite different companies to see the
specs of the program the outline and the
specs and the deliverables expected over
the period of per performance
expected in the RFP or the baa instead
the government agency has the contract
guy and the program manager guy and
maybe one other authority over all that
they're going to they're going to call
up their favorite contractor who who
they know or believe could successfully
execute the project and they'll say okay
we got we want to give you a contract
here's how much money and here's how
many years we're going to pay up and the
company's stupid they'll say no if the
smart they'll say yes and generally um
the Beltway Bandits and the and the
Legacy Aerospace industry are not stupid
they they want they need money so they
will always say would those be
authorized contracts then or have a
transfer of authority those S Source
contracts would they be traceable no uh
usually they set up a fret company to
pass the money through so this this
roster of kind of the big defense
contractors for these big projects would
that roster be pretty pretty thin only a
couple entries there and I don't know I
do know from the um Aerospace company
that I interacted with quite frequently
during the
assap they did go to the government
customer it wasn't always a CIA it was
Air Force at
times so I think the money is
transmitted through a pass through
company but they know very well who
their government customer is the
government customer knows very well who
they are and that they have a contract
so I think the fact that the money goes
through a a hard to
audit Channel doesn't prevent the two
from talking because the program does
get Contract monitoring and contract
oversight from the government customer
so they will exert that authority over
the over the I wanted to ask you about
Dave brush's irad fraud allegations you
recall what he talks about in Congress
he alleged that at least one contract
and I believe alzando repeated it in his
house hearing the allegation was made
that at some point in time for some
duration a
contractor artificially inflated the bud
the The Proposal budget for a black
budget program so that they could siphon
that money off into irad to do an irad
project because frequently you can tax
the duct to the funding for right the
profit dollars and move them and then
instead of just hoping they
overperformed they like they like
doctored the situation so that they
definitely overperformed then the extra
money was sort of moved into this okay I
don't have any insights on that okay and
um uh there are two types of contrasts
it's either Cost Plus uh fee or fixed
fixed cost fixed firm price yeah so
those are the only contract Vehicles I'm
aware of I I'm not aware that there's
anything special just because of uaps so
it's either Cost Plus or firm cost firm
fix fixed price yeah one of those is how
NASA tends to issue contracts like
aremis is way over budget over schedule
and uh the Orion heat sheet Shield at
the same thing to the Orion um Boeing
become a disaster with the CST 100 or
this what was it star starer Starliner
yes so that is under Cost Plus right
right and that's where the government
gets screwed on so I have no idea what
contract vehicles are used for these for
uaps it's it's like now you're down in
the weeds and it really doesn't matter
sure sure well speaking of these sort of
corporate entities here
um people are sort of aware that okay
maybe they have their groups to do this
engineering to do this material analysis
what what have you in their programs but
is there any Merit to there being uh
private strike teams who are having
their own contested crash recovery
recoveries with the public strike tees
um no I'm not familiar with any I
haven't heard any such thing even out in
the open oh even in the classified
manual I haven't heard there's a there's
a story of apparently um a private
military contractor you know contracted
by locky Martin sent out to recover a
crash and the jck team sent out to the
same crash site and they're apparently
being exchange of fire and K and you
know clearly this would generate a lot
of paper right wow I'm not familiar with
that incident so all this talk about
private contractors you know the big
locky Martin what about federally funded
research and development centers such as
miter Rand Triad o Ridge and u arc's
university Affiliated research where
where did they fall into this only one
and I won't name it um started out as a
contractor in
1960s 30 not too long after it was born
was actually spin-off of TRW so TRW was
the principal investigator for the
first roughly what almost 30 yeah
practically well 29
years but I know that another company
would dispute that they thought they
were primary Prim principal contractor
in fact the principal contractor serves
a leadership role that the other
companies kind of um they don't know
what's going on but they know who's
involved at the you know the Scuttle
level you know Scuttle level and so they
know at the Scuttle bet L level through
um Communications with the government
customer who else would be involved but
they don't have Direct Communications
with those other companies because
compartmentalization so I do
know that there'd be a dispute because
there was I mean the the senior VP of
the company I interacted with during the
Assa with that
well we had the program running and they
didn't consider somebody else as the
principal investigator I think that they
would know that the government customer
knows that so I think that's where the
misunderstanding was occurring is down
at the company level so yeah uh F the
only ffrd I know of is the one that spun
off of TRW my recollection from the
senior vice president of the other
company is that they kind of uh left
that whole line of work at some
point just because I think they did all
they could do and so they got out of it
somewhere maybe 10 a little or a little
more years after they got started on it
so probably in the early '70s is when
they left it and then uh we had the
other Legacy firms that were involved so
there were for overall that would make
sense cuz a lot of the ffr DC's that
were started kind of uh were born out of
the early 60s late 50s and kind of
fulfilled their purpose within 10 years
then moved on to other projects like
Rand for example started off as project
Rand and uh just speaking of what you
know and what you don't know one of the
things you kind of definitively said
during your uh talk up there was that
there are no arvs or alien repr
production vehicles and so I think
that's really are kind of a bombshell
because there's so many theories out
there like oh this incident or that
incident
ORV but you know we I can sort of fake
their word for it um because we barely
scratched the surface of how they even
yeah so I have some questions about this
so like yeah do you think anything's
happened recently maybe like in the last
like 10 years that's real New like
advancement like progress I'm not aware
of it because I'm out of it now I've
been out of it
since a tip ended so yeah so I'm read
into it
um at the level I was for the assap and
asip atip
purposes I don't know all I do know is I
was given a firm hey in 1989 the CIA
shut it all down because nobody us and
we know the other companies that we had
been found out from our customer didn't
make any progress after several decades
of bestes there was no progress made so
I said so what's the story about North
or gemman had having an arv or somebody
out at Area 51 having an arv and he said
oh that's all myth he said the people
that have been putting out there don't
know what the hell they're talking about
and they don't know why unless they're
just another Bob Lazar type they're just
going to they're long on the tooth and
they're going to tell a story yeah is
there any chance that was disinformation
or that was passage material no actually
it wasn't disinformation it was even Bob
lazzar's information is disinformation
it's because they they believe their own
I mean that they were telling
you that there's no arvs we've made no
no that's not disinformation no that
that's coming straight on a classified
level with me having the need to know
and they don't have a need to give me
disinformation we're on a program and
we're going to give them contract money
to work with us and they're not going to
sit there and with us if we're
going to give them money I think so it's
way too 5D chess right yeah I guess when
you're when you're saying arv do you
mean like a onetoone recreation of a UAP
and an hi vehicle or do you think
there's aircraft systems that have kind
of leveraged Technologies off definitely
no aircraft systems that have leveraged
anything um and there's been no one
toone reproduction a lot of that fell
into the psyche of of the UFO Community
because of Bob Lazar and then Brad
Sensen and Mark Mark mcis so I don't
know where they're coming from and then
other people kind of came out of the
woodwork saying the same thing but no
proof I mean there's been photographs
but those photographs I I haven't
analyzed them I don't remember Bruce
mcabe looked at them I know Bruce mcabe
had only said um they definitely looked
like hoaxes to him but I I don't think
he ever issued a report on them because
he's got lots of reports on uaps that he
has done photo and and film and video
analysis of it have you ever spoken to
the Brad Sorenson and
mandish how put off house yeah what do
you think about adversarial governments
having uh you know functional vehicles
that they' okay if they do then
basically uh why are we still a country
you know why haven't we been the and
especially if it's an adversarial
government with the resources because
there are adversarial governments that
don't have the resources that'd be North
Korea Iran and probably a few others but
the big ones would be China and Russia
yeah and well suppose it's still right
now they're still playing with
conventional propulsion like Hypersonic
missiles supersonic missiles subsonic
missiles uh multiple Munitions multiple
Warheads um uh etc etc no nobody's got
an arv type crap zipping over Ukraine
and Ukraine certainly hasn't been
reporting any such things of that nature
right and they would have they would
have screened bloody murder and taken it
straight to the president of the United
States the CIA the Department of State
would have said here's our photographs
and here's our recordings of it and this
is this and look there's a so there's a
Russian symbol on it you know yeah yeah
and so no that hasn't happened I mean if
if it was for real we would see a
dramatic change in the balance of power
the United States the the our
intelligence agency would probably have
known about it before Ukraine would have
gotten hit in such a hypothetical story
or scenario and that just hasn't
happened so they haven't been successful
I can't believe they're any more
successful than we but you do agree with
Russia's contention that they have
programs they have wreckage they have
technology that they're um yeah I China
is like a closed door I know through how
put up that they have at least one and I
think he might have gotten that
officially through some work he did with
the DIA where he did go to China for
them but not for that reason and he
probably learned something over there uh
I think there's other sources that have
said similar uh probably Dave grush has
more information on that than even I
thought to ask him about uh but Russia
is one that had some crash retrievals
and that's been released when the Soviet
Union fell KGB opened up the files
George knap went there other people went
there found the thread three documents
and I had independent um and I can't get
into this because it's still super
classified but through the assap program
I had a connection in with a
three-letter agency that collected um
not from the KGB open records they
collected it from their own asset and
the asset was was filtering out actual
legitimate documents photos reports
Technical and operational and executive
summary type there's enough evidence
that I saw in classified setting that
convinced me that they have it at least
one quite some time one crash retrieval
yeah I can't say that it would go back
to the 40s 50s or 60s or 70s I know I
was at the end of the 80s was the one I
was exposed to okay all right so they
have had something and they've got
Hardware but I don't see that they've
been any
successful are there um any other
breadcrumbs that you gave to Dave grush
that might be useful to us from kind of
like an open source intelligence
perspective that we could start to
follow in kind of pick up and oh boys
this is really super uh it's classified
still the breadcrumbs I gave him are
proprietary to nids and bass big space
Advanced space studies and classified to
DIA and another three-letter agency and
maybe two I need to wait for a couple of
people at the corporate level to die of
old age and when they do that I won't
have trouble with lawyers right and then
come out with the book now the
classified stuff in that I don't know
what I'm going to do with that you're
that's classified for Life yeah yeah so
and they could they could declassify up
to 25 years but I've had so much
derivative classification
training that I found out that the rules
for declassification are uh do include
the ability to maintain classification
up to even 75 years so bass has to
maintain that classification for 75
years wow so if you necessarily can
justify that you can't declassify after
25 years 75 seems to be the maximum how
did your perspective change on what
viable approaches were to breakthrough
propulsion physics from when you started
it to when you end when you finished the
project what did you initially think was
interesting that you threw away and then
what sort of came to the for well what
got thrown away is those Concepts that
don't meet the criteria for novel
disruptive innovation or testable or
theoretically well- defined Concepts uh
people come to you uh or came to us and
others with all kinds of inventions and
ideas like the sural effect the dean
drive those kind of things uh uh uh cion
uh SpaceTime torsion and torsion for
your viewers uh is basically just a
defect or crack or fisser in the
SpaceTime continum and Einstein looked
at that and it looked like the issue of
well if you're going to if you're going
to have a path of a particle undergoing
motion through SpaceTime and it's going
to encounter this what's the
gravitational or SpaceTime curvature
manifestations of coming into that crack
going around it what what is it due to
you if it go if you go around it or can
you go across it what are the what are
the physics uh consequences of doing
that from within general relativity so
Einstein looked at all that and he was
trying to find out of torsion might give
you a prescription to describe
elementary particle spin
and he found out that was not the case
so he also found out that torsion does
not
produce uh testable predictions that we
have observed and it it actually
produces uh or predicts inconsistent
results and so he ended up tossing away
torsion saying you know uh it's a great
theoretical
um concept to look at but uh it it
doesn't hold water because it makes the
relativistic field equations
inconsistent uh so it loses its
self-consistency it'll make wrong
predictions of phenomenon already uh
observed and it it it's just not refined
enough there's just something missing
from it and it cannot definitely be used
to describe a particle spin whether it
be macroscopic particles or Quantum
particles it just didn't reach that
threshold so ringer marcker actually did
an experiment and I'm not going to get
into it cuz I don't remember enough of
it anymore and uh he did an experiment
that was specifically designed to test
whether torsion existed in space time
and it was a wellth out apparatus very
welld designed they did it at General
Electric so they had a staff of
physicist and uh Engineers to help uh do
the prediction uh on what such an
instrument would be like and how it
would function and how you would design
it and build it so they they they did it
just like uh Kip Thorne and the big
giant team that formed ligo uh did when
they got started looking at
gravitational wave detectors in the uh
1970s and uh he got an old result
basically he couldn't find any sign of
any SpaceTime torsion and so at least at
that level it was thorough enough type
of experiment you it's just like what
Gary Nolan said it was data and then the
data formed the evidence and then you
interpret it in the context of the
hypothesis and then you form your
conclusion and the conclusion was we
don't see SpaceTime torsion so it must
not exist at least at that level that
doesn't close the door on torsion
because there could be other experiments
somebody can think of of some other
formalism that's right but unfortunately
we haven't seen that happen yet and um
and the interesting thing is is that
like I said if you go back to general
relativity and Einstein messing with
that when he was developing the the
general theory of relativity and it's uh
16 field equations um it starts is 256
field equations but due to symmetry
properties you can knock them down to 16
and I think a couple more will bring it
down to 10 so 10 field equation and it
just basically gets you inconsistent
results and that's a problem so it's
telling you already that you're not
going to get right answers by
incorporating torsion and that's a
problem because that means you know
you're you're trying to develop a
physics that produces uh uh testable
prediction that when you observe them
you're not going to just observe new
predictions you want to observe old
predictions just to make sure the theory
is still correct because it's got to
predict the old stuff that have been
observed old phenomenon and it didn't do
that it just gave you wrong answers all
the way around yeah now um when you talk
about like the N order differential
equations associated with gr and you get
256 equations that that only simplify
due to symmetries what is your
perspective on the approach to like
mathematical Beauty in physics I mean do
you do you insist or do you have a do
you have a notion that the the The
Theory of Everything or the gut will
turn out to be elegant or do you sort of
think it might be clumsy and clunky and
you know 19,000 equations I mean do you
have any perspective on that with regard
to what a unified field Theory respect I
don't think I don't think it's yeah uh
no I don't uh I'm in the camp of
physicist that we we already know and a
lot of other physicist know that
Einstein proved that gravity is not a
fundamental force of nature it emerges
from the fabric of space when it's
distorted or curved or bent and sakarov
he believed that the metric elasticity
of space described by the SpaceTime
metric which is just a very simple
equation actually and uh he said that
should come from the quantum vacuum
fluctuations because he sees the quantum
vacuum fluctuations as being the seed of
all existence and he was right uh
basically that started from Richard
feineman when he got the Nobel Prize for
the quantum electrodynamics theory and
then later on when that got unified with
the weak nuclear force it became the
electro weak uh Theory separately we
have quantum chromodynamic theory which
describes the theory uh overseeing uh
the strong nuclear force which basically
emerges from Cork or Quantum
chromodynamics or the interaction
between quk and gluons gluons being the
photons of the strong nuclear force uh
they have instead of yeah they don't
have a mass they move at the speed of
light they have a spin one just like a
photon does but unlike a photon they
have three color charges or it can have
combination of those color actually they
have two color charges so they have a
combination of color charges which are a
symmetry property of the theory they're
not an act they're not an electric
charge really they actually have no
electric charge they generally can't be
separated is that right you can't get
color charged particles uh the in terms
of uh pulling them apart popping a color
you can B inside the head Ron you can
but um but when you have high energy
collisions like what happened at the
relativistic heavy ion collider it Cave
National Lab uh for a brief instant or
just an instant long enough that you can
measure it you can pull the uh quirks
out of the hadrons they'll be mixed in
with the gluons and you will actually
produce quart gluon plasmas and the
plasmas will exist as a as a as a as an
entity I don't want to say a soliton but
as an entity on its own and it's outside
of the elementary particle from which it
was uh created the collider is colliding
um heavy atoms usually uranium uh lead
iron even even protons yeah at
99.996% the speed of light and so
there's enough energy centered mass
energy in there in the relativistic ref
frame that you can literally blow those
hadrons apart a hadron is basically two
classes Masons and Barons and of the
Barons there's protons and neutrons so
basically you're looking at the heavy
nuclei of these ions you strip the
electrons off and you're going to have
these super heavy uranium or iron or
lead oh gold and silver are another ones
and even as light as a single uh proton
for hydrogen atom nucleus and uh They
smash these things together and uh
you're liberating literally the quirks
right out of those protons and in the
heavier atoms out of all the protons and
neutrons they get bash into each other
at really high energy and so uh that's
an example of when that happens so qcd
theory is not complimentary or
compatible with Electro weak Theory they
cannot be unified right we have they
that was a dream that was a projection
an extrapolation and has not come to
fruition likewise gravity is not a force
of nature it emerges from space-time
phenomenon the space-time manifold or
the Continuum or however you want to
describe it and it's a coupling constant
measures the strength of the interaction
force between particles so for the uh
Quantum electrodynamics that's the
electromagnetic fine structure fine
structure constant then for Electro
weight Theory well now that's Blended in
with the weak nuclear force wheat force
is responsible for the decay of quirks
and high energy quirks or low energy
quirks radioactive decay is another one
where atoms transmute and Decay away and
and Elementary particles are emitted or
even alpha particles which are uh helium
nucleus are emitted so that's what the
weak for so it turns out they're both
two sides of the same coin of the same
unified Force well it's coupling
constant is actually the electromagnetic
fine structure constant divided by 100
times the proton Mass squared so it's
scaled to the proton Mass so then when
you're talking about gravity gravity's
uh coupling constant it has uh the first
two I mentioned have no Dimensions the
coupling constant in general relativity
is is the universal gravitational
constant times uh 8 pi divided by the
speed of light to the fourth power you
know what the units of that are one over
fours one over Newton that's right and
that's a coupling constant to convert
the dimensional units of the stress
energy tensal which is the source of
SpaceTime curvature that's units of Jews
per cubic meter or energy density or
pressure because an equivalent is
Newtons per square meter okay so those
have to be converted using that one over
Newton factor from the coupling constant
into units of one over meter squar
that's how you measure space-time
curvature on the left side of the field
equation that has the re uh Richie
curvature tensor and the Richie scaler
multiplied by the metric tensor and 1/2
and they take this difference between
the two for that reason we know we
really can't unify those uh those two
forces it's really Electro weak and
Quantum chromodynamics we can't unify it
to space-time curvature model and that's
why and everybody's still attacking
Quantum super string has kind of died
away because it can't make useful
predictions but how or testable
predictions however it's been very
successful in mathematics and geometry
and topology they have predicted a lot
of new things in those areas but they're
still hacking away at trying to get it
to work as a quantum gravity Theory same
thing with Quantum Loop uh gravity uh
and gosh uh Roger Penrose had the most
sexy version of quantum gravity that I
fell in love with when I was in graduate
school and it came out it was Twister
Theory so he replaced the whole concept
with a whole new instead of a
four-dimensional space time point of XYZ
and a t or or different coordinate
system but you'll always have a time in
there and instead he was looking at
energy momentum as a four Vector to
describe an event in SpaceTime so we
wanted to build an edifice of an algebra
that handled that then a geometry that
that algebra builds up and from that he
was hoping to uh get a unified picture
of the forces of nature and gravity and
it it it was beautiful again like super
String Theory uh great beautiful
mathematical results came out
geometrical oh my gosh this thing is a
this thing is an exercise of the most
advanced uh version of complex math
you've seen complex math when you were
um in aerospace engineering so uh it
just didn't go anywhere predicting it
just didn't give you anything use yeah
so basically we can't see a unified
field Theory coming out of that well Dr
Davis thank you so much for sitting down
with us it's been incredibly revelatory
and uh we're so glad you came this year
to give a talk at Soul we hope we see
you back oh yeah thank you very much
yeah absolutely see you
Jack thank you sir won't wait another 14
years this